This is the entire history and patch list of the versions of the website. Read through this if you want to see where the website has came 
from or whats new in the newest update.

<------------------------------------------>

Version #020118.1
    So basically what happened was the servers for Skynet got wiped.
    This meant we had a chance to rebuild everything into a more organized and effiecient manner.
        The first attempt at the file system was built when Skynet had 21 game files, now that we are well over 50 and closing in on 100
        with no signs of stopping, we really used this as an opportunity to make everything just easier for us. 
    And this is the new Skynet, it looks (and should work) exactly the same, but now on another server!
        If you do happen across anything broken make sure to let the team know. 
Version #123117.1
    Happy New Years everyone! To celebrate 2018 we pushed out a huge update!
    The design has changed drastically, it now has a really nice material design.
    The proxy is gone for now, he hope to get it back up and running. 
    The downloads page also got a huge upgrade;
        A working search bar to make finding your games easier than ever.
        Fancy auto adjusting width to fit your screen. 
Version #11217.1
    The home page is basically the same.
    The empty downloads page has been replaced with a parked page with some facts.
    The downloads page got a complete overhaul by Anti-Antidote and a bunch more games added to it. 
Version #103117.1
  Patch List;
    The home page is the same.
    Broswer games have lost the image that was there and now the page is blank.
    The downloads now all work and the thumbnails are there.
    There is now a link to the proxy.
Version #102717.2
    The home page is the same
    Downloads is the same
    The only thing that changed, all 21 game files are updated and [mostly] working. 
Version #102717.1
  Patch List;
    The home page is pretty much done for the time being, I can't see anything being added any time soon.  
    The broswer game list is mysteriously absent but that's because I don't have any files, once I get a couple I'll push them out.    
    The downloads list has 21 game files, although only about half of them work. I'm planning on changing the look to make it look better.
  
  
