Terms and Conditions

<Agreement between User and Skynet Games>
Welcome to skynetgames.net. The Skynet Games website (the "Site") is comprimised of various webpages operated by Skynet Games ("Skynet")
skynetgames.net is offered to you conditioned on your acceptence without modification to these terms, conditions, and notifications contained
herein (the "Terms"). Your use of skynetgames.net constitutes your agreement to all such Terms. Please read these terms carefully, and keep
a copy for your reference. 

skynetgames.net is a file hosting site

The site provides a secure place to download files that are virus/malware free to use at your discretion, although there is no warranty 
made for the stability or claims made herein. 

<Privacy>
Your use of skynetgames.net is subject to Skynet's Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs the Site and informs
users of our data collection practices. 

<Electronic Communication>
Visiting skynetgames.net will wave the rights of Skynet to initiate electronic communication. Sending emails, messages, or any other form
of communication counts as initating electronic communication and give the right to Skynet to store and respond to such communication. 

<Links to Third Party Sites/Third Party Service>
skynetgames.net contains links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The Link Sites are not under the control of Skynet and Skynet is not 
responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or update
to a Linked Site. Skynet is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by
Skynet of the site or any association with its operators. 
Certain services are made available via skynetgames.net are delivered by third party sites and organizations. By using any product, service, 
or functionality originating from the skynetgames.net domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that Skynet may share such information and
data with any third party with whom Skynet has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service, or functionality on 
behalf of skynetgames.net users and customers. 

<Intellectual Property>
You are granted a non-exclusion, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use skynetgames.net strictly in accordance with these terms
of use. As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant to Skynet that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is prohibited by 
these Terms. You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other 
party's use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to Obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally
made available or provided for the Site. 
You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit
any of the content in whole or in part found on the Site. Skynet content is not for resale. Your use of the Site does not entitle you to 
make any unauthorized use of protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any Proprietary rights or attributing notices
in any content. You will use protected content solely for your personal use, and will make not other use of the content without the 
express written consent of the Skynet and the copyright owner. 

<Changes to Terms>
Skynet reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the Terms under which skynetgames.net is offered. The most current version
of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. Skynet encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates. 

These terms and conditions are updated as of November 4, 2017 and website version #110517
